# 0-9

# 0612 TV w/ NERDfirst
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTCvWvqjktIq0uvM3trAHCg
# 12tone
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTUtqcDkzw7bisadh6AOx5w
# 8-Bit Guy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8uT9cgJorJPWu7ITLGo9Ww
# 8-Bit Music Theory
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeZLO2VgbZHeDcongKzzfOw

# A

# Absolute History
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCr5qeBG9g7bGtMGyHG2GzbQ
# Acolytes of Horror
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgTX2M68DdRvR5Jd2YHEH7A
# AI and Games
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCov_51F0betb6hJ6Gumxg3Q
# Alt Shift X
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCveZqqGewoyPiacooywP5Ig
# Another World Terraria
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCt2en0k0B-gMl__ysWHEoKg

# B

# Ben Eater
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCS0N5baNlQWJCUrhCEo8WlA
# Ben Heck Hacks
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgeStlUnitobx8QcSxTw2aQ
# Bismuth
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQ9STd0zeHrrQGJQEuvhuTw
# Breadsword
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcScIr2iskFm-zRo8FZ7cRw
# Brickwall Pictures
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpp5qug5n5UuhHyXd782sQg

# C

# Casually Explained
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCr3cBLTYmIK9kY0F_OdFWFQ
# Chess Network
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCDOQrpqLqKVcTCKzqarxLg
# Cinema Cartography
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCL5kBJmBUVFLYBDiSiK1VDw
# CinemaTyler
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7GV-3hrA9kDKrren0QMKMg
# CinemaWins
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCL8h3ri2WN_-IbviBlWtUcQ
# Cody Can't Eat This
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9P0bchnch7IqfrbTib4nrA
# Cody's Lab
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCu6mSoMNzHQiBIOCkHUa2Aw
# ComputerPhile
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9-y-6csu5WGm29I7JiwpnA
# ContraPoints
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNvsIonJdJ5E4EXMa65VYpA

# D

# Deep Cuts
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRYhCg0DHloE9gn-PAiAYNg
# Displaced Gamers
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWoSKWs8h6lFdiEDAjuIfpA

# E

# Essential Craftsman
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzr30osBdTmuFUS8IfXtXmg
# Every Frame a Painting
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjFqcJQXGZ6T6sxyFB-5i6A
# exurb1a
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCimiUgDLbi6P17BdaCZpVbg

# F

# FilmJoy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEtB-nx5ngoNJWEzYa-yXBg
# Folding Ideas
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyNtlmLB73-7gtlBz00XOQQ
# Fool Fantastic
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4xsVuwVXRy01_OlXd5ghFQ

# G

# Game Maker's Toolkit
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqJ-Xo29CKyLTjn6z2XwYAw
# Geography Now
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmmPgObSUPw1HL2lq6H4ffA
# The Great Repertoire
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUhfJn88d32udI3ePN9V15A
# The Great War
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUcyEsEjhPEDf69RRVhRh4A

# H

# Hainbach
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeovElJP0n0i8ADaPsRSd8g
# HealthyGamerGG
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClHVl2N3jPEbkNJVx-ItQIQ
# How to Make Sushi
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCosny7dI3LVZE-GWR1RKxsg

# I

# In Praise of Shadows
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdPPmAd9qlG80qeSm74-eww
# Innuendo Studios
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5fdssPqmmGhkhsJi4VcckA
# Isaac Arthur
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZFipeZtQM5CKUjx6grh54g

# J

# James Bruton
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUbDcUPed50Y_7KmfCXKohA
# James Sharman
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeRXQ_B5WZD3yjPly45myvg
# jdh (YouTube channel "jdhvideo")
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUzQJ3JBuQ9w-po4TXRJHiA
# Jeff Geerling
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCR-DXc1voovS8nhAvccRZhg
# Jeffrey Stilwell
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfZTxxMVxpt3tiAW1IKDAiQ
# Julian Ilett
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmHvGf00GDuPYG9DZqQKd9A

# K

# Kurzgesagt
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsXVk37bltHxD1rDPwtNM8Q
# Kyle Kallgren
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0KaZd_ki4l2EUc1GY9u5Ew

# L

# Lessons From the Screenplay
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCErSSa3CaP_GJxmFpdjG9Jw
# Lightbringer
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXNXT2MxtKPhsBmhFWE6xsg
# Lost in the Movies
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUnT1VyUwXaxJZ5XB7dqv3g

# M

# Michael New
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNBiLBQrKrnvwcVRD5fS8aA
# Mike on the Mandolin
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOMgSqCrno7YzOgAYUyt4lw
# Minute Physics
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUHW94eEFW7hkUMVaZz4eDg
# Movies I Love (and So Can You)
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfPni-XauIF97mSckAxYL_w

# N

# Nerdwriter1
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJkMlOu7faDgqh4PfzbpLdg
# nextProgram
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-MGHRKbmkden1SjxdL8UzA
# Nile Red
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFhXFikryT4aFcLkLw2LBLA
# Nomadic Ambience
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqRTj-Nu_8to3jIBlXptOtA
# Nostalgia Nerd
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7qPftDWPw9XuExpSgfkmJQ
# Now You See It
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWTFGPpNQ0Ms6afXhaWDiRw

# P

# Periodic Videos
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtESv1e7ntJaLJYKIO1FoYw
# PhilosophyFile
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIThl1QA8ICaoYT630pn4IA
# Popular Woodworking
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyxaLtaHLTUjCauqWWqCs_A
# Preston Jacobs
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXU7XVK_2Wd6tAHYO8g9vAA
# PsyFile
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNGSLqZab4TkgY8cnJQxgtA

# R

# Real Bass Lessons
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTLM0C5Acp-0xi4ZEb-mSQg
# Renegade Cut
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9infsKo33_2LUoiqXGgQWg
# Retro Videogame Mechanics Explained
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwRqWnW5ZkVaP_lZF7caZ-g
# Rob MacKillop
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUPHrp2nfs0qymFe4TXEt9A
# The Royal Ocean Film Society
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWq-qJSudqKrzquTVep9Jwg

# S

# Scaredy Cats
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdX6lI1cnIaznkmokdxJQ2Q
# The School of Life
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7IcJI8PUf5Z3zKxnZvTBog
# Sebastian Lague
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmtyQOKKmrMVaKuRXz02jbQ
# SerpaDesign
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGzXtNdhjPxvCNWFme1bG0g
# Sideways
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCi7l9chXMljpUft67vw78qw
# Stacksmashing
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3S8vxwRfqLBdIhgRlDRVzw

# T

# TechnoTim
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOk-gHyjcWZNj3Br4oxwh0A
# Thomas Flight
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUyvQV2JsICeLZP4c_h40kA
# Thunk
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4Aq2sSeNrb6-n6Ib4hR4Mw
# Todd in the Shadows
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaTSjmqzOO-P8HmtVW3t7sA

# W

# Wortheffort
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxOSP6n0wTzGIDWfNHqHCgA

# Y

# Yoga With Adriene
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFKE7WVJfvaHW5q283SxchA
# Your Movie Sucks
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSc16oMxxlcJSb9SXkjwMjA
