# *

# 'The Wire' - Way Down in the Hole
https://feeds.megaphone.fm/GLT1266862077

# 0-9

# 10 Things That Scare Me
http://feeds.wnyc.org/10-things-scare-me

# A

# American Scandal
https://rss.art19.com/american-scandal
# American Story Tellers
https://rss.art19.com/american-history-tellers
# Anatomy of Murder
https://feeds.simplecast.com/GdzgJRQH

# B

# Bardstown
https://feeds.megaphone.fm/bardstown
# Behind the Bastards
https://feeds.megaphone.fm/behindthebastards

# C

# Crime Junkie
https://feeds.simplecast.com/qm_9xx0g
# Criminal
https://feeds.megaphone.fm/VMP7924981569

# D

# The Daily Stoic
https://rss.art19.com/the-daily-stoic
# Dan Carlin's Hardcore History
http://feeds.feedburner.com/dancarlin/history?format=xml
# Darknet Diaries
https://feeds.megaphone.fm/darknetdiaries
# Death, Sex & Money
http://feeds.feedburner.com/deathsexmoney
# Down These Mean Streets (Old Time Radio Detectives)
https://downthesemeanstreetspodcast.libsyn.com/rss
# Drilled
https://www.spreaker.com/show/5103163/episodes/feed

# F

# Freakonomics Radio
https://feeds.simplecast.com/Y8lFbOT4
# Fresh Air
https://feeds.npr.org/381444908/podcast.xml

# G

# Guru: The Dark Side of Enlightenment
https://rss.art19.com/guru

# H

# How Did This Get Made?
https://feeds.simplecast.com/Ao0C24M8
# How to Build a Happy Life
https://feeds.megaphone.fm/howto

# I

# In the Dark
https://feeds.publicradio.org/public_feeds/in-the-dark/itunes/rss
# Invisibilia
https://feeds.npr.org/510307/podcast.xml

# K

# Killer Psyche
https://rss.art19.com/killer-psyche

# L

# Labyrinths: Getting Lost with Amanda Knox
https://feeds.megaphone.fm/HSW9972842155

# M

# The Magnus Archives
http://rss.acast.com/themagnusarchives
# Making Sense with Sam Harris
https://wakingup.libsyn.com/rss
# Morbid- A True Crime Podcast
https://audioboom.com/channels/4997220.rss
# The Moth
http://feeds.feedburner.com/themothpodcast
# Murder In Alliance
https://audioboom.com/channels/5046380.rss
# Murder With My Husband
https://feeds.megaphone.fm/HSW2364749129
# My Dad Wrote A Porno
http://rss.acast.com/mydadwroteaporno
# Myths and Legends
https://rss.art19.com/myths-and-legends

# O

# Ologies with Alie Ward
https://feeds.simplecast.com/FO6kxYGj

# P

# Planet Money
https://feeds.npr.org/510289/podcast.xml

# Q

# Q Clearance- The Hunt for QAnon
https://feeds.megaphone.fm/HSW1112098164

# R

# Radio Westeros ASoIaF Podcasts
http://rss.acast.com/radiowesteros
# Radiolab
http://feeds.wnyc.org/radiolab
# Reveal
http://feeds.revealradio.org/revealpodcast
# Revolutions
https://revolutionspodcast.libsyn.com/rss
# Roguelike Radio
http://feeds.feedburner.com/RoguelikeRadio

# S

# Self-Hosted
https://feeds.fireside.fm/selfhosted/rss
# Snap Judgment
https://snap.feed.snapjudgment.org/
# Snap Judgment Presents- Spooked
https://feeds.spookedpodcast.org/
# Something Was Wrong
https://feeds.simplecast.com/FKx4CI_n
# Song of the Day [KEXP]
https://www.omnycontent.com/d/playlist/bad5d079-8dcb-4630-8770-aa090049131d/32b2ac38-5a48-4300-9fa6-aa40002038b5/4ac1c451-4315-4096-ab9b-aa40002038c4/podcast.rss
# Stuff They Don't Want You To Know
https://feeds.megaphone.fm/stufftheydontwantyoutoknow
# Stuff You Missed in History Class
https://feeds.megaphone.fm/stuffyoumissedinhistoryclass
# Suspect
https://anchor.fm/s/19429938/podcast/rss

# T

# Ten Percent Happier with Dan Harris
https://rss.art19.com/ten-percent-happier

# Them, That and This

# This American Life

# Throughline

# Twin Peaks Rewatch

# Twin Peaks Unwrapped

# U

# Unsolved Mysteries

# Up and Vanished

# V

# The Vanished Podcast

# W

# Watch If You Dare

# The Weekly Mix

# Wrongful Conviction

# WTF with Marc Maron Podcast

# Y

# You Must Remember This

# You're Wrong About

